Hello, how is Uncle Jiang's situation?
Or keep talking to yourself
Thanks
Take care of him next
Uncle Jiang, who made you look like this?
Wang Yu quit Wang Yu
Wang Yu, I have investigated
He was a brilliant classmate who would rather die
It was also his mother's historian
Since you don't know how to cherish
Hide a bitch wolf to be mean to me
Don't worry.
You and that person will both make life worse than death
You came just in time
You see, Uncle Jiang is emotionally unstable again
Please fix it for him before feeding him
Hungry Uncle Jiang is full
Yes he is he loves me he loves me
He loves me
You see, the zombie tree has been reviewed again.
I check you
He injected psychotropic drugs
Gina
I will pay for all your tuition and living expenses in the future
You just study hard, you know?
Listen to you
Ayu is really sensible
Education was the brightest student I ever funded.
The kindest
Paralyzed
I had to transfer the assets to his name
Gotta find a way to get close to him
Maybe you can help me take down Wang Yu